Exclude Lifecycle Management documentation (#2662)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/deploying-managing-instances.md

* [Deploying a New Instance](#deploying-a-new-instance)
* [Scheduling Instances](#scheduling-instances)
* [Protecting Instance Shutdown or Termination](#protecting-instance-shutdown-or-termination)

> * [Deploying Instances without Lifecyle Management](#deploy-without-lifecycle-management)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Deploying Instances without Lifecycle Management](#deploy-instances-without-lifecycle-management)
```

Instances imported from AWS will inherit DisableApiTermination flag into **Manual Terminate Protection** flag. Flag status is provided when provider is syncronized, so changes are not reflected in CAM until **Sync** operation has been done.

> ### Deploying Instances without Lifecyle Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying Instances without Lifecycle Management
```

> *Exclude Lifecycle Management* feature can be set on policy boxes to deploy instances without Lifecyle Management support, this is with out the Cloud Application Manager agent installed.

Reviewer: Please, also explain which policies support it, something like:
```suggestion
*Exclude Lifecycle Management* feature can be enabled on virtual machine deployment policy boxes (with single or multiple machines) to deploy instances without Lifecycle Management support. This means that the Cloud Application Manager agent will not be installed. This feature is not supported for deployment policy boxes with auto-scaling feature enabled.
```

Follow these steps to *Exclude Lifecycle Management* on a existing deployment policy box:

> 1. In a existing Deployment Policy Box, under Code tab, select Edit in Policy section to customize the policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a existing Deployment Policy Box, under Code tab, edit the Policy by clicking on the pencil icon.
```

2. In the Edit Deployment Policy Box dialog, enable the **Exclude Lifecycle Management** toggle.

    ![Deployment Policy Box Dialog](../../images/cloud-application-manager/exclude-lifecycle-management.png)

3. When done, click **Save**

#### Enabling Lifecycle Management

> When a machine has been deployed with *Exclude Lifecycle Management* option set, it's posible to enable Lifecycle Management installing the Cloud Application Manager agent on machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an instance has been deployed with *Exclude Lifecycle Management* option enabled, it is possible to enable Lifecycle Management installing the Cloud Application Manager agent on the machine or machines of the instance.
```

> Follow these steps to *Enable Lifecycle Management* on a existing instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to *Enable Lifecycle Management* on an existing instance:
```

> 1. In a existing Instance, under action list dropdown, select *Enable Lifecycle Management* option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a existing Instance, under the action list dropdown, select *Enable Lifecycle Management* option.
```

    ![Deployment Policy Box Dialog](../../images/cloud-application-manager/enable-lifecycle-management.png)

2. In the Enable Lifecycle Management dialog enter the credentials and proxy configuration if needed, and click **Enable**

    ![Deployment Policy Box Dialog](../../images/cloud-application-manager/enable-lifecycle-management-dialog.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Cloud Application Manager agent will then be installed on all instances machines and the full lifecycle capabilites will be available on the instance.
```

Instances imported from AWS will inherit DisableApiTermination flag into **Manual Terminate Protection** flag. Flag status is provided when provider is syncronized, so changes are not reflected in CAM until **Sync** operation has been done.

### Deploying Instances without Lifecycle Management

*Exclude Lifecycle Management* feature can be enabled on virtual machine deployment policy boxes (with single or multiple machines) to deploy instances without Lifecycle Management support. This means that the Cloud Application Manager agent will not be installed. This feature is not supported for deployment policy boxes with auto-scaling feature enabled.

Follow these steps to *Exclude Lifecycle Management* on a existing deployment policy box:

1. In a existing Deployment Policy Box, under Code tab, edit the Policy by clicking on the pencil icon.
2. In the Edit Deployment Policy Box dialog, enable the **Exclude Lifecycle Management** toggle.

    ![Deployment Policy Box Dialog](../../images/cloud-application-manager/exclude-lifecycle-management.png)

3. When done, click **Save**

#### Enabling Lifecycle Management

> When an instance has been deployed with *Exclude Lifecycle Management* option set, it's posible to enable Lifecycle Management installing the Cloud Application Manager agent on machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an instance has been deployed with *Exclude Lifecycle Management* option set, it's possible to enable Lifecycle Management installing the Cloud Application Manager agent on all the instance machines.
```
